I will explain very quickly in what
consists of my lunch today's sardines to the
griddle with scrambled vegetables and
spicy cayenne of the scrambled vegetables
I assure you that pica tells you about
benefits quickly from this meal
first we can observe that there is no
grain legumes no no dairy
in principle it would fit perfectly
within what is known as diet
paleolithic we are not going to enter now
this type of diet but I promise to take it out
videos about her realize that the
fish usually seems to me more
healthy than meat because it's more
wild the meat unless it is meat
of hunting or unless it is pork
of acorn that has been bred in the field
running freely and eating acorns
or unless they are from your own farm and
live more similar conditions the
problem is that they grow in an environment
unnatural grow enclosed they are
Feeds with many times gives them
growth hormones to grow
faster they are fed with feed
which generally contain foods that
would not consume the animal in its environment
natural sometimes to the point we already saw
what about mad cow not to
the point to give animals to one or a
herbivorous animal and they are also given
antibiotics constantly because
they grow so fast
and a form so abrupt that these
animals as well as living so so
crammed
it is very easy for them to develop
diseases give them antibiotics to
mansalva and that's what we're
eating us when when we put
meat that is not that it is not organic
that is not biological
instead of fish we do not have that
problem the problem that we can have
with fish is to accumulate mercury
that's why I really like the
sardines and in general the fish
small because having a life more
short they do not accumulate so much
mercury as we say the tuna or the grouper
Larger fish is also fish
blue rich in omega 3 and omega 3 in
find the benefits that you do not
let's go now the vegetables
they balance very well the protein part of
of fish and omega fatty acids
3 and also the spicy one of the things
what will you do if you like spicy
apart from having a many effect
sometimes too
and
of attacking certain to certain
microorganisms that can be harmful
for you
aside to have a slight effect
antibiotic
and apart from being anticarcinogenic and
have other properties the spicy goes
to help burn
calories as you hear the meals
spicy foods make you burn more calories
that the non-spicy ones also produce a
heat in the body but that heat what
produce your own body and to
produce it has to generate calories
additional so these vegetables for
being spicy will help me burn
more calories
are going to make you have a more metabolism
intense that if they were not spicy and
Well I 'm sorry but I can not stand
more I'm hungry I throw myself already on
she